## Welcome
Hi, my name is Drew.  Welcome to my first post!  My purpose for creating this blog is to document my path and experiences as I work to transition to a career in the technology field.  Of course, I reserve the right to throw in other topics that spark my personal interests along the way.

## A little about me
My career to date has been spent in the public sector, where I worked in both state and local government.  This past fall, my wife received a new job that resulted in us and our two doggies relocating to the Philadelphia area.  I took this as an opportunity to reflect on how I would like to spend the rest of my career.  After that period of introspection, I determined that I wanted to focus on entering the technology field.

## Why technology?
If you are still with me, you may logically be asking, "Ok, Drew, so why do you want to work in technology?"  The answer to this question is that I believe it will maximize synergy between my prior skills and experiences, my inherent strengths, and my interests.  Common threads in all my previous jobs include providing service to others (be they internal or external customers) and leveraging technological solutions to achieve outcomes for my organization.

Moreover, as technology is an area that continues to advance and become integrated with out lives, the field will afford continual opportunity for learning and growth.  I enjoy learning about new topics and applying critical thinking to solve problems.  I am intrinsically motivated by the feeling of accomplishment that accompanies completing a project or overcoming a challenge.

## First Steps 
I recently completed the Google Professional Certificate in Data Analytics.  I am also enrolled in their IT Support Professional Certificate to prepare me for the A+ examinations, which will solidify my base in Information Technology.  A structure is only as good as the base upon which it is built.  Concurrently, I am studying Python to further my programming skills.  I have also completed several projects with Raspberry Pi devices.

I will be making more posts soon to document these efforts.  If you have found this blog, I hope you will stay with me along this journey.
